update doc (#91)
VKCOM/devicehub: README.md

Note: some features require direct access to the provider instance from the browser, so if you are running the provider on a different machine - make sure you pass accessible url to the --public-ip.

> For iOS support:
> 1) You need to set up macOS node (for example we use Mac Mini on Intel Processor)
> 2) Then clone and build this repo
> 3) Also, you need to install pymobiledevice3
> 4) Now see [iOS doc](./doc/ios-device.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also want to add an iOS device see [this document](./doc/ios-device.md)
```
